
Badminton

Badminton is a racquet sport played using racquets to hit a shuttlecock across a net. Although it may be played with larger teams, 
the most common forms of the game are "singles" and "doubles"  player.

Wrestling

Wrestling is a martial art and combat sport that involves grappling with an opponent and striving to 
obtain a position of advantage through different throws or techniques, within a given ruleset. 

Chess

Chess is a board game for two players, called White and Black, each controlling an army of chess pieces in their color, with the objective to 
checkmate the opponent's king. It is sometimes called international chess or Western chess to distinguish it from related games,
such as xiangqi (Chinese chess) and shogi (Japanese chess). The recorded history of chess goes back at least to the emergence of a similar
game, chaturanga, in seventh century India.

Weightlifting

Malleswari won the world title in the 54 kg division in 1994 and 1995 and placed third in 1993 and 1996.
In 1994, she won silver at the World Championships in Istanbul and in 1995 she won the Asian Weightlifting Championships in Korea in the 54 kg category. 
That year, she won the title in China with a record lift of 113 kg at the World Championships.

shooter

Anjali Bhagwat is a professional Indian sport shooter. 
She became the World Number One in 10m Air Rifle in 2002. She also won her first World Cup Final in Milan, in 2003, with a score of 399/400.
Anjali won the ISSF Champion of Champions award and is the only Indian to win the ISSF Champions' Trophy in Air Rifle Men & Women mixed event at Munich in 2002.

Tennis

Former Wimbledon doubles champion Tennis player Sania Mirza has announced that she will retire from tennis after 2022. 
She became the first Indian to win a WTA singles title in 2005.

Squash

Deepika Pallikal is related to which sport Squash. Dipika Pallikal Karthik (born 21 September 1991) is an Indian professional squash player. 
She is the first Indian to break into the top 10 in the Professional Squash Association Women's rankings.

swimming 

Bula Choudhury (born 2 January 1970, Hugli, India) is an Indian former swimmer. She is an Arjuna awardee, Padma shri awardee, 
former India national women's swimming champion and elected as MLA from 2006 to 2011 representing Nandanpur in West Bengal state of India.

athletes

PT Usha - Pilavullakandi Thekkeparambil Usha to use her full name - is one of India's greatest athletes, often called the country's.
A graceful sprinter with long strides, she dominated Asian track-and-field events for most of the 1980s, 
winning 23 medals in all, 14 of which were gold.

hockey

Saba Anjum is a former member of the Indian women's hockey team. She was the youngest of all participants in hockey 
competition at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. She first played for India in under-18 AHF Cup in 2000.

basketball 

Akanksha Singh  is an Indian basketball player and captain of the India 
Women's National Basketball Team.She has played for the national team since 2004.

cricketer 

Mithali Raj is an Indian former cricketer and captain of the India women's national 
cricket team from 2004 to 2022. She is the highest run-scorer in women's international cricket, and ESPN ranked 
her as one of the greatest female cricketers of all time.

golf 

Nicollet was born in Bangalore. Her father Marc Nicollet is French and her mother Surekha Nicollet is from Bangalore.
Surekha is a perfumist and has her own Padmini Aroma Ltd in Bangalore while Marc is a software professional.





